---
layout: post
title: "I always wanted to make my own game."
date: 2025-07-24
excerpt: "When I was a teenager, I enjoyed making my own custom maps, mostly tower defences, in Warcraft III map editor. I even managed to finish a map I called 'Small TD' and I played it online with random people. This was a milestone for me. I found out I can build small things and people can enjoy it..."
---

### Backstory
When I was a teenager, I enjoyed making my own custom maps, mostly tower defences, in the Warcraft III map editor. I even managed to finish a map I called "Small TD" and played it online with random people. This was a milestone for me. I found out I could build small things and people can enjoy them.

Almost 20 years later (😂) - I am still driven by the same incentive to make games. Since I am learning Python actively, and I have finished some nice projects, finished Part I of the "Automate the Boring Stuff with Python" - I thought - can I make a game? Well, of course, my Python knowledge is limited and I understand Python is not the first choice for writing game code, but still - why not? It will be a nice project, I will learn a ton, and make something I value.

### RPG
I will try to make a simple game that will be finished in 5-6 days. These are my thoughts on the elements of the game:
- text-based terminal RPG
- game starts by asking for the player's name
- user plays the game by making simple choices and advances through the rooms (4 or 5 rooms)
	- **room 1**: A starting room with one enemy. The enemy is unbeatable; the player has to run to clear the room.
	- **room 2**: Actually a basement. The player has to find a key to move forward.
	- **room 3**: A powerup. Player gets + 10000 damage and + 100000 health. Prepare for boss fight.
	- **room 4**: Player can hit the boss and win. Gets some generic "you win" message. The second option is to run — which triggers a secret room that is actually a prison of the player’s own mind. The third and final option is to talk with the enemy, after which they become friends and share adventures in the future.
	- **secret room** - A mind game where the player is trapped in a `while` loop with no way to actually finish or quit the game.

### Conclusion
This project will serve several purposes. First of all, it will be hard for me to do — I will need to learn a lot of new things in Python. Secondly, I will have the opportunity to make something real and share it with friends. And finally, there is a kind of philosophy behind the boss fight — my take on life and decisions.

### `slow_print` function excerpt I'm proud of 🤓:
```
def slow_print(text, delay):
	for char in text:
		sys.stdout.write(char)
		sys.stdout.flush()
		time.sleep(delay)
	print()
```